[charts] Introduce bubble charts (#22537)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/scatter-demo/scatter-demo.md

## MultipleYAxesScatterChart

{{"demo": "MultipleYAxesScatterChart.js"}}

## Bulble charts

> You can mix the color and size scale to represent 4 different dimensions ina single chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mix the color and size scale to represent 4 different dimensions in a single chart.
```
